# Wireless-Smart-Seeding-System-
                                       Executive Summary                        Our project is “Wireless Smart seeding system”. In this project we mainly concentrate on the farmers welfare. This project will automatically sowing the seeds in agriculture land without any man power. It is based on a moving rover type module. It will drill the farm land, sow the seeds and close the drilled place.  The beauty of this project is the whole process is controlled by our ‘SMART PHONE’. This helps farmers greatly by minimizing working time, increase the accuracy for planting period, reduce the man power and predict the plans earlier.                 In the current scenario, farmers must spend more money during the sowing period. They have to give Rs 250/- per head for sowing crops, therefore farmers must invest huge amount of money in the sowing period itself maybe Rs 8000 for sowing groundnut for 2 hectares. By using smart seeding system, we can eliminate the need of workers in the initial cropping period and it is also cost effective.                    Ultimate purpose of this plan, a farmer farms groundnut, but 2/10 seeds are not grow well, farmers cannot replace the immature seeds by new one. If workers walk on farm land it will damage the good grown seed. So, we   will sent our moving robot type module and replace un grown seeds with new one and control our robot using smartphone. We can also do it automatically by inserting appropriate programing codes. We designed in the app like 5-year-old boys can operate our rover.
